refactor: settings for windows (#8428)
deskflow/deskflow: doc/configuration.md

# GUI Config

 Deskflow will automaticlly figure out where to save settings and other files.

## Unix Systems
 The search order for a setting file is:
 1. `<XDG_CONFIG_HOME>/Deskflow/Deskflow.conf`
 1. A user settings file
 1. A system settings file
 
 A new settings file will be created in the user path if no settings file is found.
 The path of the settings file will be used as the base for all other config files.

### Linux
 - System: `/etc/Deskflow/Deskflow.conf`
 - User: `~/.config/Deskflow/Deskflow.conf`
 
### macOS
 - System: `/Library/Deskflow/Deskflow.conf`
 - User: `~/Library/Deskflow/Deskflow.conf`
 

## Windows

 The search order for a setting file is:
 1. `<install-path>/settings/Deskflow.conf`
 1. Windows Registry `HKCU\Software\Deskflow\Deskflow`

> Windows will save to the install dir if settings are loaded from there if not it save any other config files in `C:\ProgramData\Deskflow\`
> When using settings from the install dir service mode will not be availble

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows will save to the install dir if settings are loaded from there. If not, it saves any other config files in: `C:\ProgramData\Deskflow\`

When using settings from the install dir, the service mode will not be available.
```
